k8s: controller managed attachment and detachment #3190 (#3237)
epiphany-platform/epiphany: docs/home/howto/kubernetes/PERSISTENT_STORAGE.md

Adding the storage is described below in separate sections for Azure, AWS and on premise environments. Rook/Ceph configuration in Epiphany is described after add disk paragraphs.

#### Parameter `enable_controller_attach_detach`

> Rook requires Kubelet parameter `--enable-controller-attach-detach` set to `true`. From Epiphany v2.0.1 by default this parameter is set to `true`. Users who would like to change its value, can achieve that by modifying `specification.advanced.enable_controller_attach_detach under` value under `configuration/kubernetes-master`.
> *Note*: In Epiphany v2.0.0 `--enable-controller-attach-detach` parameter is set by default to `false`. In order to change its value, manual steps on each of affected kubernetes nodes are required:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rook requires Kubelet parameter `--enable-controller-attach-detach` set to `true`. From Epiphany v2.0.1 by default this parameter is set to `true`. Users who would like to change its value, can achieve that by modifying `specification.advanced.enable_controller_attach_detach` setting in `configuration/kubernetes-master` doc.
*Note*: In Epiphany v2.0.0 `--enable-controller-attach-detach` parameter is set by default to `false`. In order to change its value, manual steps on each affected Kubernetes node are required:
```

#### Parameter `enable_controller_attach_detach`

> Rook requires Kubelet parameter `--enable-controller-attach-detach` set to `true`. From Epiphany v2.0.1 by default this parameter is set to `true`. Users who would like to change its value, can achieve that by modifying `specification.advanced.enable_controller_attach_detach under` setting in `configuration/kubernetes-master` doc.
> *Note*: In Epiphany v2.0.0 `--enable-controller-attach-detach` parameter is set by default to `false`. In order to change its value, manual steps on each of affected kubernetes node are required:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rook requires Kubelet parameter `--enable-controller-attach-detach` set to `true`. From Epiphany v2.0.1 by default this parameter is set to `true`. Users who would like to change its value, can achieve that by modifying `specification.advanced.enable_controller_attach_detach` setting in `configuration/kubernetes-master` doc.
*Note*: In Epiphany v2.0.0 `--enable-controller-attach-detach` parameter is set by default to `false`. In order to change its value, manual steps on each of affected Kubernetes node are required:
```
